docs: add documentation for workspace and project management. (#256)
zapatacomputing/orquestra-workflow-sdk: docs/guides/workspace-and-project-management.rst

> ================================
> Workspace and Project Management
> ================================

Reviewer: **nitpick**: I find the word "management" misleading, because I'm used to the word "managing" denoting a full CRUD. From the SDK perspective we only (R)ead the workspace and project. Any manipulation, like creating new or removing or editing them requires booting up Portal or asking a Platform admin for help.

How about this?

```suggestion
=======================
Workspaces and Projects
=======================
```

> Compute Engine (CE) organises workflow runs into ``Workspaces`` and ``projects``.
> As such, in order to submit or interact with a workflows run from the CLI, it is necessary to specify the ``Workspace`` and ``Project`` that contains it [1]_.

Reviewer: **suggestion**:
1. Typography (` ``foo`` ` vs `*foo*`)
2. CE requires specifying the workspace and project regardless of the way the user interacts with CE. It's true for both CLI and the Python API.
3. It would be nice to mention the reason why these concepts exist and how they relate to the meaning users might already have in their minds. My immediate association is a git repo for a "project" and an IDE window for a "workspace". Both are completely invalid when it comes to Orquestra projects and workspaces.

```suggestion
Compute Engine (CE) groups user-submitted entities like workflow runs, or secrets into *workspaces*.
The main reason for associating entities with workspaces is sharing data with other users.
You can invite other users to a workspace via Orquestra Portal to let them see your stuff.

Additionally, workflow runs on CE have another level of organisation: they're grouped by *projects*.
This categorisation is related to the Orquestra Studio's UI.

When you're using Orquestra Workflow SDK from Orquestra Studio, the workspace and project are set automatically.
When you're on a local machine and you're interacting with CE, you need to specify workspace and project you're interested in.

.. note::
   Orquestra workspaces and projects are purely server-side concepts.
   There's no built-in 1:1 correspondence with a git repo or your local IDE project.
```

> There are three mechanisms by which this can be managed. In descernding order of priority these are:

Reviewer: In relation to my aversion to the word "management":

```suggestion
There are three mechanisms by which this can be specified.
In descending order of priority these are:
```

Explicit CLI Arguments
----------------------

When interacting with CE from the CLI, managing workspaces and projects is typically achieved by setting the ``-w`` and ``-p`` arguments respectively when using the relevant commands.

Environment Variables
---------------------

Where explicit arguments are not supplied, Orquestra looks for two environment variables, ``ORQ_CURRENT_WORKSPACE`` and ``ORQ_CURRENT_PROJECT``. These are unset by default, but can be controlled using:

.. code-block::

    export ORQ_CURRENT_WORKSPACE=my_workspace
    export ORQ_CURRENT_PROJECT=my_project

> These variables define a default value for the workspace and/or project that Orquestra will use unless overruled by an explicit CLI argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These variables define a default value for the workspace and/or project that ``orq`` will use unless overruled by an explicit CLI argument.
```

The "vanilla" Orquestra behavior can be restored by simply unsetting these variables:

.. code-block::

    unset ORQ_CURRENT_WORKSPACE
    unset ORQ_CURRENT_PROJECT

Interactive Prompters
---------------------

Where the workspace and project arguments are not provided and one or both of the environment variables are not set, the CLI has a system of interactive prompters to allow the user to select the appropriate unspecified values.

> 

Reviewer: **issue**: This doc seems to only cover the CLI. Our Python APIs also require passing in workspace (and a project for workflow runs). Should this doc also describe the Python API behavior?
